Add configuration to publishing using NativeAOT (#81)
graphql-dotnet/examples: src/AspNetCore/README.md

> ./run.sh
> browse to http://localhost:3000/ui/playground
```

> If you like to try GraphQL compile using [NativeAOT](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/issues/248) which should [happens](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/61231) in .NET 7

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you like to try GraphQL compiled using [NativeAOT](https://github.com/dotnet/runtimelab/issues/248) which should [happen](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/issues/61231) in .NET 7
```

Reviewer 2: @kant2002 One suggestion left. If no other changes from you left then I'll merge.

> Native AOT form-factor of .NET allow startup time in tens of milliseconds, and high performance and predictability (no JIT). If you know to AOT, you can start reading about rationale for it [here](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/form-factors.md#native-aot-form-factors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Native AOT (ahead-of-time) compilation in .NET allows startup time in tens of milliseconds, with high performance and predictability, eliminating JIT (just-in-time) compilation. If you are new to AOT compilation, you can start reading about rationale for it [here](https://github.com/dotnet/designs/blob/main/accepted/2020/form-factors.md#native-aot-form-factors).
```
